hi everyone I'm Bailey and this is
Brooklyn from Brooklyn and Bailey and
today we're gonna do kind of like a Q&A
where we answer all of your guys's
questions that you want us to answer so
the first one we're going to answer is
the most common question asked for us
how do you tell the difference between
us two and um there's not really a
specific detail on the difference
between us what you have been I have
bangs she doesn't I will never have
things has got more of like us a
circular face than I do mine's more kind
of is all squished it she's ghost
meeting my mom stop my cute up on her to
the ribs so I was like I need room and
she's like all squished in my ribs and
stuff so now her face is like that and I
always wear long earrings Brooklyn does
not like long earrings because it's just
not part of her personality so I always
look for those and you'll know it's me
these are my earrings they will never
change so a lot of you guys have been
wondering what kind of videos we're
gonna be doing on our Channel and since
my mom has a whole like hair thing but
we are mostly going to be doing like a
hodgepodge of jashin nail DIY silly
videos vlogs with the family anything of
that and anything pretty much that
revolves around our personal daily sing
so yeah those are the middle digging I
don't know whatever we feel like the
next one is if um what's our favorite
food our favorite food to eat both of us
like this is potatoes we love potatoes
yes
I hope dedos mashed potatoes and small
from a mile away they're so good for
delicious yeah the next question is what
our favorite books are and I
that's a hard question I like cause I
like to read sucks I five books to look
good and I like fantasy you know dragons
and knights in shining armor I think um
my favorite series ever is goose-girl by
Shannon Hale the series is awesome so
yeah check it out it's a good book
yeah well good how I'm serious Thanks
one of the two before I think that's hor
what's in the series
yeah getting rid them they're good yeah
okay the next question is what are our
favorite treats chocolate brownies yeah
green yummy things fudge I have
chocolate chocolate they should take
chocolates a girl's best friend instead
of diamonds because chocolate makes
anyone happy so yummy diamonds are
expensive the next question is which one
of us is taller and yeah she's here it's
usually off and on I guess I grew like
an inch and I'm like I don't even know
half an inch taller than her it's off
and on so depends I don't know maybe
nice time I might be taller when you're
little I was taller and then she was
taller when you're like in fourth grade
now I'm taller so you know who knows
it'll change in the next month so yeah
and she's also older by two minutes
stupid a minute yeah see ya rule I'm
older than you
so um some of our hobbies are tumbling I
like lying floor style like we
don't do bars or anything like that just
floor like back handsprings tots and
stuff yeah fun and dance I like to be
dancing yeah dancing and reading
except aliens like what oh yeah um
stores what surahs me buyer Bry over 21
I love our an American Eagle that's good
yeah
those are like our two favorite Tom -
mm-hmm and then Ross but it's off and on
in that store minute do is share a room
yes always shower room I was little
until I married then I won't share a
room that's weird don't cheer room when
she doesn't like it I'm not messy yeah I
don't want him room
no it's okay you learn to live with it
when you have it when it's like it's
like having a shout out you know they
just follow you everywhere the next
question
it's probably personalities difference
between our personalities
I'm girly she's not well not not
cheating I'm more girly like I like
fashion and doing hair and nails and
she's more like let's go footballs and
throw football soccer ball have a water
fight and stuff like outdoorsy I guess I
don't know what you'd call it but I have
some girly treats she got those from me
torn up the feet I think that's how you
say it
do we have like telepathic abilities
then sometimes I'll walk into a room and
I'll be singing a song I think that same
time will be exactly this damn song will
be like you know singing a song and or
will say to the exact same thing I want
exactly how much watch this cool trick
ow
that is what I call twin empathy right
there that's about all the questions
that we have for today but if you have
any more just leave the questions down
in the comment box below so that we can
be able to hear what you guys want us to
say in our videos and long we'll see you
later see ya
anything